Hello? Hello? Are you hear me? Hey, yeah, I can hear you. Hey. Hey. It's orange fare, what were you say? What was your stand up? All right, we got everyone. Cool. Um, yeah, let me just introduce myself real quick. My name is Echo. I'm a senior SRE. I'm a developer experience team. Um, I'm gonna be running the interview, Chakaro's gonna be shadowing. Um, yeah. All right, cool. Uh, I guess. And we'll also, I will also introduce myself real quick. Sorry, sorry to interrupt. Um, I'm Shakara. I'm on the other Azari team, that's our EIE team. infrastructure enablement. Um, been at Betterman just over 2 years. Maybe, yeah. Go on. All right, cool. Yeah, I'm, uh, Stefan. Oh, I've been, uh, I guess, uh, not at betterment, but just, uh, last my last role was at IBM consulting. Sort of working in the space between backend engineering and infrastructure platform. So got the chance to work doing a lot of rapid prototyping with different clients in the government and media space. Cool. Sounds like, uh, sounds like it could potentially get done with the platform stuff. Um, let me just give you a quick overview what, uh, this hour's interview is gonna be. Um... So, we're gonna take five minutes or so just to go over the problem prompt, it's system design interview. Um, we'll take 20 minutes or so to write some pseudo code, and after that, Um, we'll do 10 minutes or so, 15 minutes of discussion, and then leave some time at the end to, uh, unless you ask any questions that you have around Betterman or anything in general. Um, so before we get started, let me send you the problem prompt. You have a good email address to can send this to. Yeah, it's my first, last name at Outlook or Gmail, whichever. Do you mind just typing this into the chat, so, like, screwed up? Thanks. Thank you. Cool. Okay. All right, cool. So I just shared this with you. Um, Also, before we get started, um, can you share your screen and, yeah, we're writing pseudo code, so whatever editor that you want to use, or ID is fine. Um, doesn't need to be anything, yeah, doesn't need to be anything special, though. What do we feel comfortable with? Okay. Uh... Oh, what was this? I want to stay off mute. I'm gonna stay off, boys, for the most part today. Um, I have a bit of a cough, but... I'll be here taking notes and such. Don't mind me. Cool. And yes, I will, if you see me looking down, that's just me taking notes throughout it as well. I'm waiting for a code to come, but I don't know, guess it's not there yet. Is that just a Gmail thing? I haven't seen that. Yeah. Yeah, I'm not sure if maybe I should just send it to my other email then. Yeah, yeah, if you have any other email, that would be great. So it's gonna just be it. at Gmail? I think that might... Yeah, especially if you're in Gmail is probably a go through easier. Okay, cool. Thank you. Would you have the full hour for this, too? So, she's, should not be too, too big with a big deal like here. Yeah, I probably should have just put it in incognito. That might have been. Yeah, but try to like separate like work stuff from home. Personal with the outlook in Gmail, but it's been getting mixed around. Entropy strikes again. Yeah. All right, I just shared it to the Gmail address. Oh, so it should be the same, probably not the same length. No. Okay. No, yeah, it's, it's, well, I, yeah, I don't know how you get this set up, but yeah, I did send it to at gmail.com and I'll. Yeah, I was waiting for the, um, email to come through, but, um, yeah. So I guess I'll just wait for it to... Oh, yeah, it's 'cause I'm on Gmail. I don't know why I'm looking for it. Okay. That would make a lot more sense. All right, excellent. All right, so I'll just talk through it real quick. Um... So, the system designer review today is we want to build a system that reliably creates Google Tasks from Google Calendar events. Um, And if you look down a little bit, you can see, in case you're not familiar with the Google Tasks, functionality is basically there's a little pop-up shelf on the right side of Gmail that you can make little, little to-do list. And one thing I strongly recommend, and you'll have time to read through this all, you know, take a few minutes to read through it all, because it's helpful to get the holistic concept of what we're building before jumping into it. So, this back is, you know, a calendar event has a due date, just, for example, in this particular interview, had, like, a time associated with it. And so, what we want to do is within an hour of that calendar event happening, so not before it, but, like, no more than, you could do it before, you could do it with, like, five minutes afterwards, but, like, it shouldn't take, like, two days to deliver it. But it should create a new task inside of your Google Task list. And another thing to be aware of is the end user shouldn't have to worry about duplicate tasks. Um, so, like, let's say we made a task of, like, come to the interview. Like, I don't want to see, as an end user, I don't want to, like, come to my task with later and have to be, like, oh, whatever reason, there's two of these. Um, and have to clean it up manually. Um... You have full right access to both the tasks and events of the user, and you can use stateless compute. It doesn't really matter, whatever you, whatever you want to attract us and think of it as, you know, it's just running somewhere in the cloud or wherever. Um, you cannot use staple services, like a database or keep out your store. And if you scroll down a little bit, we have this kind of another example of, like, I have a, I personally, I was thinking planned, I want a water. And, you know, I have a calendar invite that comes with every Fridays, although you don't want to water, stay planned every Friday, but, okay, every once a month, it just makes a task for me to remember to water my snake plant. And obviously, I don't want to water it multiple times. I just want to water water at once. So, as we go through this, we just, again, we want to write some pseudo codes. It doesn't have to be... You could write Python, you can just write pseudocoda, it doesn't really matter, but we do want to write some type of algorithm to solve this problem. Um, and just to keep in mind, you know, what is observability gonna look like? You know, SLOs. Um, but mainly just concentrating, I'm just solving the business problem. And then if you continue scrolling down, which I won't go through all days, but there is all the API, uh, all that we have available from the Google API. Um... Okay. So we're setting up like the crud tasks. Um, And then also working on the architecture of how it flows. For this 1st 20 minutes, don't worry about any architecture at all. We can just assume that this is running in a land somewhere. Okay. Oh, sorry, I was gonna say, also, it takes more, don't worry about, like, the 20 minutes, like, just, it's, it's your time. Like, I just, this is just a general kind of, like, over guide, but, like, don't worry too much about the time. We got plenty of time. Okay. All right, so I guess we're, like, sort of starting with, uh, just building this out. Mm-hmm. All right, so. It's gonna be like, uh, so ingesting data, um, from the calendar. Um, like event driven data. And then, uh, storing it on, um, calendar event itself. Without you. without using a database. We're creating a, so, but the kind of the idea that we're getting is just like we have like a calendar event, and we're just mapping it over into a Google task when it's time for that calendar event. What happened, basically? Okay. Um. And then you say we're just using pseudo code? Yeah, or yeah, whatever, whatever, if you want to use whatever, we're not gonna actually run the code, but we do want to create some type of code that, like, we can talk about. Okay. Um, you said just in an ID anywhere? Yeah, whatever, whatever works for you is fine. Okay. Um. Uh... Yes, sorry, I'm just still trying to. Yeah, no worries, yeah. Take your time. Yep. Um. So, we're essentially gonna create, like, an event processor, um, And within the, like, event processor function, or, um, going to, uh, Uh, Yeah, create the task. Mm-hmm. Um, as well as set tags on it. Uh, the tasks don't have any tags. Okay. Um... Well, for worrying about, like, multiple rights, I think, potentially we'd have to worry about, um, It depends in depth intency. On the time. Yes, you are you are correct, yes. It's the trick, tricky part. Okay. Um. Alright, and... Yeah. I think. Just wondering if we need to worry about anything else at this point. These are generated server side. All right. Well, definitely not, uh, like, uh, design Twitter app. All right, well, I guess we can just start somewhere, right? Um, yeah, so. Or I'll just keep it clean by. Oh. Safari. Just close that. Oh, I end up quoting out. Hello? Hello? Hello? Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm sorry. I think I ended up closing out too many things. Oh, no worries. Should have kept the screen clean. Okay. Um. Sorry about that. Let me just. No, it's no problem. All right. Um, yeah, so what I was gonna do, actually, it was just. Oh. Use, uh, just. Um. Yeah, I think maybe just writing it in a just would probably, you know, keep it clean. Oh, okay, that is fine. All right, um... And then a reference, what we're working on already. Okay. Yep, so we're here. Um. All right, um, so I think maybe we just wanna start with the, like, overall flow of uh, the task processing. Okay. Um. Yeah. Uh. Um... Then, uh... Great task. Um Yeah. Think it's like a. Good start. Just like a very high overall, yeah. Let me ask you 2 quick questions. Oh, one of them is not so quick. Well, maybe it will be, right? I should speculate. So, you say process, task, take event, what does that look like? Like, grabbing the events, and also setting what type of tag where to prevent double rides. Uh, yeah, so I think, eventually, we're gonna need to have some kind of, like, uh, it, it dependency tech. Um, added on, uh, like after we create the task. So, I think that's sort of. Like why I'm starting here with this? Okay, let's keep going. We'll take warrant to that in a minute, but I want to give you time to kind of just skip the general flow going. Okay. Um. Yeah. So I think the next thing that we're gonna probably have to, um, take a look at is, um, Yeah, so I think after we, you know, triggered a calendar. Event. Uh. Oh, sorry. Just trying to think, is there? Um... Yeah, so I think we need to, um, work through having, um, you know, like some type of path. So. You know, we had like a process function. You know, we'd first have to have, like, a key for it to hash. Hash the event. And then from there. If. You know, if the, The hash did exist, um, then, you know, we wouldn't continue to process it. Um, Can you write this out a little bit more explicitly in your pseudo code? Like with the API? You don't have to do it right now, but like just when you're ready to do that, so I can make sure I understand your thought process. Uh, yeah, so we need, um, to have a key. Uh, And we can hash it with, uh, what's different, like, um, uh, parameters. Um, so like the user ID, um, calendar. Um, I think I did recall somewhere that like. So the calendar, the calendar does have an ID though right? Events do not have IDs. Okay. Um, so then. You probably have to take a different approach than like what I was considering. Uh. Okay, so if the events don't have IDs, um, there has to be like another way of being able to track it. Mhm. Uh... Sure, think of what could be like another unique way of tracking event ideas? Um. So if there's no, like, provided ID, maybe you can just, like, create event identities. I like that idea. What would you do with those created identities? Um, so instead of having, like, um, Well, I think maybe we just track the event identity, um, You know, instead of the provider IDs and then, um, You know, once we're able to build a event key, we can store it and map it with the event key to the task ID. Is just real quick. What is the difference than your head between the key and the ID? Or what is, I guess, what is the key? What is your conception of the key in this case? Um, yeah, so I think that I, it would just be like the, the key would be like the look up or the way to deduplicate the token. Um, and ID. key? Yeah, and, like, the ID would be, like, the entity identifier. Um, so you just map, um, the event key to, um, a task ID. Okay, so you, you have proposed creating event IDs. Where are you gonna put those? What does that look like? Uh, for the event key? For the ID. Um, yeah, so I think that's gonna just be like persisting the synthetic IDs in our database. Um, so not in a calendar provider, and um, we probably have to, like, set up a few different, uh, functions for that. But the float would be like, uh, having a new key. And then creating, um, a synthetic event. So, like the duke. And then, um, synthetic, create synthetic event. Uh, plus the task, plus, um, The, Um, like hero. And then. From there, uh, For the gnome keys, we, um, you know, just grab the synthetic event ID and the updated, the updates app and then, you know, be able to update a task. Okay, can you write this out with more, like, API calls? I think you're on the right track, but it's kind of hard for me to follow because it's so abstract right now. Okay. Uh... Yeah, um, so I think maybe breaking it out by, like, steps. uh And then. Uh, so we can do like a get call for this. Okay. And you, um, did you use the actual, like, API call that you're using? Like, in the, in the, uh, problem problem problem? Um. So, where would, where are you referring to? Oh, I was just saying, like, you're... Yeah, right. Yeah. So, like, we have, like, various calls. So, you said, yeah, I just wanted to make sure I understand, like, which call you? Yeah, um, so, you know, sticking with the prompt APRs. Exactly. yeah. Um... Alright. So the 1st part is probably gonna still be like get the like to pull in the changes. Alright. I was wondering if I can just probably, like, be easier for me to just, like, kind of have a skeleton maybe. Yeah, it was my anxious. I, I, yeah, you do your process. I just, at the end of the day, I want to make sure we have enough detail on, like, what the calls are being made just so I can understand what you're doing. But definitely, you should do whatever works best for you to get there. Okay. Okay. Yeah, and then I think you know once you've passed the deck in the sea guard, um. Be able to resolve the identity. Uh... And I think from there, right, um... You have to, um. Absurd. Okay. Task. And... Yeah, I think I think it's probably like a good start of like the higher world view. Um, so, I guess from here, we're looking to, like, fill it in with API calls. Well, all right, I have one quick question, which is not super fun. sorry. You say absurd task. Let's take a look at the task API for creating tasks. Yeah, like, the, the Kratoska. Yeah. So, Yeah, uh, Yeah, I guess it would be, like, some type of combination between, like, creating and updating this task. Well, let me ask you this. Do you see any issues with this insert versus your proposed observer? Um... Yeah, uh, I guess when, um, uh, when there's no task ID, then you'd patch. You patch it only when there's a change. Um, well, if you want to do an upsurd, although, although, let me just actually stop for a second. Why don't you, why don't you keep going? and we'll see where we get. I'm going, I'm going too deep right now. on that specific thing. Let me just shut up. Oh. Uh... Yeah, I guess I guess if the task ID is missing, then we can just insert it. Yeah, and then save the task ID. Okay. Otherwise, um, we'd have to like compare, um, like fingerprints. Okay, cool. So this is where I want to zoom into real quick. So, you're proposing, if I understand correctly, if we have not seen this task ID that we insert it, otherwise, we're patching it, right? Yeah. So, what happens, and this isn't a related only question, but, let me just go for it. So, like, you send a message, you send a call to Google, to create the task. But there's a network partition. And we don't know, we never get a response back. How do we know, how do we handle this situation, to observe it? Uh, you mean, like, so, like, if the patch, um, return like a 404. No, so let's say we didn't, we, like, before we started, we have not seen this task before. Right? So we've decided to do an insert. based on your logic. So we send the answer call, and then there's the network partition, and we never get a response back from Google. We don't know for sure what happened to that response. Like, somebody just got the network wire. Um... How are we going to handle this so that we safely absurd? Um, yeah, so I think we can handle it with, um, Adept and see. And. I think. Not sure the term for it, but something about like. Reconcile, uh, I look, you're gone. But I think, um, yeah, we... we'd have to generate some type of, like, op ID. Okay. And, um, hash it. Okay, let's let's see the rest of the pseudo cotto will come back to the spark bad time, but I think we're on the right track. Okay. Um, yeah, so. Not sure where we want to head from here now, like are we doing like a high level design then or? No, let's so go back going back to the pseudoco, like we're grabbing events. I kind of want to see the actual calls that we're making again. So we've got our skeleton. Lets go a little bit more concrete on what this looks like in terms of, like, using the API. Okay. Um. Yeah, so... I guess. You know, pulling in the change and then, uh, should. As from here, should I, um, just continue on, like, the high overall? No, well, I would like to see is, like, do you have these comments, right, of all these, like, very high, very obstruct pseudo code? Like, basically what I'm asking for is, you don't have to write, like, valid JavaScript or Python, but, like, I do want to see, like, the actual API calls that we have available in the dock being used. Like that's the level of detail. Okay. Um. Alright. Oh, um, mhm. Okay. Um... So. Should maybe. Wondering if I should had it like with a. Like calling like as just one whole function then for the whole sync function. Um. Yeah, but kind of I'm gonna have like a sync function that's gonna grab events from the calendar. Okay. So, like, sink calendar. Task. Uh, start date. Um. So, yeah, from here, we'd probably do like. Um... Um, yeah, and then we'd have to read. Kind of like go through all the events. Okay. Um And then we want to read, um, you know, every, like, the links between the metadata. Uh... Um. In the previous one. Uh, yeah, probably like to fingerprint. Um. Yeah. Yeah, so this is how we have like the, uh, uniqueness. Um. Um... Yeah, then we'd wanna... Build it out. So. Um, yeah. Then, yeah, for the check, you know, we wanna just check, you know, if the task ID and, uh, Previous fingerprint are equal to the fingerprint for the current one. Um. And then we'd have... Payload to send out. Um. Oh, I mean, it's. Um, I mean, yeah, to know the title. And then, you know, uh, Whatever notes are part of the, Um, task. We don't need to worry about the notes. We don't need to persist anything from the event into the notes. Uh... Yeah, I think maybe do. Which should be like the start time. Uh. Yeah. I think you wanna normalize it as a ISO. That's fine. We could just assume that they have the same timestamp. stuff and not heard about that too much. Um... Yeah, and then I think from here, we just wanna like. You know if we don't have a task ID. Uh, we just have to create the task, and, um, Update, uh, existing laptops. Okay. Let's see what that looks like. Yeah, it was right. Um... And then, you know, similarly, would, uh, have to set those tags. Um... Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So it's a little hard to read, but we're still inside the event. I get it, yeah. Um, I just were almost out of time, but there was one thing I wanted to ask you about real quick, just so I have a better understanding. So we have this fingerprint. We also have... Oh, can you just, can you just explain the fingerprint one more time? real quick? Make sure I understand correctly. Yeah, so, um... It's. It's built off like the fields that we're sync with, um, but it's not like an identity. It's just a, like a hash for the version. Okay, and these fields are on the event or the task or? Um, yeah, so it would be like the title, um, start end time. Um, okay. And then, yeah, it's the same fingerprint, then that means there hasn't been any meaningful change, so then we can skip it. But if the fingerprints are different, then, um, you know, the event changed, um, so, you know, like creamer print, you know, if, you know, if it's different, then, um, if it changed, and then you can patch the task. Got it. Okay. Cool. That makes sense. Um, I think this is a great place to stop. I wanted to make sure that you have plenty of time to ask questions, because we only have a few minutes left. Um, so, yeah, uh, like I said, I'm on the developer experience squad, which is the role that you're interviewing for in Shakaras that are, kind of our sister squad, which is infra enablement. Um, so, yeah, if you have any questions about anything about better men, or just about the role in general? Yeah. Um hold me. Yeah, um, I'd say, uh, Sorry, I'm just trying to get back. Out of no worries. Um, yeah, kind of already understood that there's like a split for us, sorry, between DevX and oh, sorry. DevX is like platform engineering, enablement, developer, velocity, and then infrastructure sort of handling like. AWS and setting up, uh, so you all are using, like, um, Kuray's clusters or it's, Yeah, I guess I guess maybe 1st question would just be to understand like the stack and then be able to then like make my questions go from there. Okay. Yeah, I can get into a little bit. So, from a high level, we use AWS for everything. Uh, Trubernet is for most things. We have a few landos, but like, all the production stuff is on Kubernetti's. Um, we use Dated Dog for observability. The developer experience team owns a deployment system that was built in house. It was rented Ruby on rails. Um, used terraform. I don't know, Chigar am I forgetting anything? Oh, not really. Um... Yeah, I think you captured most of it. Okay, cool. So, uh, I think I remember from speaking with, I think it's like Allred, the manager. Yeah, true. You all are just starting to implement like the ideals of platform engineering. So like SR isn't on this team isn't really like. Fenella, sorry it's more like you are a platform engineering developer experienced team, right? So yeah, so so we do, we do platform engineering stuff. We are also on call for infrastuff as well. So there's a lot of breath in this role. Okay. Um, and, like, Do you already have something send their own map or planning to do anything related to, like, internal developer platforms or, um, So I lose my train of thought, but yeah, I guess around that, like, where are you all with that? And or do you all manage, like, doing golden paths? So we have some level... It's not exactly like a traditional identity or an international IDP, internal development platform. Like, um, backstage or I can't report Portal, I can't remember the other one. The vendor one, we don't, we, we, we're not doing anything actively with that right now. We do have, though, an internal distraction called coach and coach is kind of like our paths, the golden path thing on top of Kubernetti's. So, we solve a lot of the problems of, like, deployments and whatnot and code ownership and everything using this internal abstraction. It doesn't quite do everything that you might think of than an IDP, though. Okay. Um, so, like, where are you all in the roadmap? Or, okay, I guess the other part was like the golden path. Like, do you all have something like that or? Yes, no. Yeah. Sort of. Yeah, I mean, it's kind of a, like, betterment is very much not a microservices shop. Like, we have, like, maybe, like, 10 to 20 services total in production. It's a ton. We don't spin them up very often, so, like, the internal teams, like, there's certainly internal practices and, you know, running good code and stuff, but we don't have, like, oh, you want to spend up the new service? We have some level of this, like, spinning up new environments and stuff, but it's definitely not, like, you know, oh, this is how everything is super prescribed. Okay. Uh, what would you say, um, as far as roadmap is concerned, are, like, the upcoming, like, most, like, biggest challenges. So we're doing a lot of exploration right now around, you know, how do we enable engineers without LMs? I mean, obviously, you know, you can just quad code on your computer and certainly help him with that. But, like, you know, there's, so there's stuff on the wrong map of exploring that, you know, build systems, or, uh, CIs, we're exploring build type, we still might do something more of the error. Um, Honestly, it's a huge grab bag of things. Like, just an example of this quarter, I'm doing a vendor review on security or software composition analysis tools. So, not exactly traditional DevX, but, like, related to DevX and that, like, we want to make sure the solution there, you know, has a good developer experience. Okay. Would you say, like, a lot of the work that you do is like prescribed or is it like reactionary work or how would you say it? Oh, I would say, like, compared to other places I've worked, we do very little reactionary work. I mean, there's always, when you're around call, there's always things, of course, but like, We're in a pretty good spot in terms of maturity as far as that stuff goes. We're not fighting a ton of fires. Um, from call is this team like uh, the first level for like triage or does the dev teams manage at first? Yeah, so they have their own on-call rotations, so more or less, you know, we get we. I mean, honestly, we don't get paid very often in general. Um, If there's, like, a business logic thing, they're gonna get paid first. If they need, they wanna escalate to us, they can definitely bring us in. But, like, if there's, if a service, just an example of the service is getting a lot of 500s, that's not gonna come to us. Okay. Um, and then, I guess as far as, like, culture shifts is, they're like something that you all are planning to do as far as, like, how did the team, like the origin story happen? Yeah, so this team was fun up before I started here a couple years ago, CI was really, really painful, and so it was started. It's my understanding, it started kind of as a tiger team. by a couple folks who have since moved to, uh, different companies. Um, so now we're kind of taking a look at, like, what we can do at a more broad perspective. One continuous pain point that I want to try to help solve is getting people up skilled on data dog, because, you know, it's a very powerful tool, and it's just product engineer just don't have, like, that space to really go and learn it. So. Okay. Um, yeah, I think I was, like, all of Kristen Adams, you know, it was like around just day to day and where you all are, where you came from and where you're going. Cool. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, there's a lot of, there's a lot of challenges, but like I said, it's nice that, like, the, the things that, the, the, the road maps priority is not like, oh man, this thing is gonna fall over. It's more like, oh, what do we think is the best place to put our efforts? Okay. Yeah. Cool. All right, yeah, I gotta hop on this date. I don't know why they didn't give us any space in between, but next call is like a minute. Well, certainly, if you want to take, if you need to take some time to go use the bathroom or anything or get a drink, you should definitely feel free to do that. I also believe I'm not positive, but I'm pretty sure it's the same call, so, I mean, I can definitely hang out. I'll see who's the next person. Or a day. Or if you can tell me the people's names, that would be helpful. Yeah, directly. Um, it's Peter and Kevin Echo. Okay, okay, cool. And the URL does look the same. So you probably just stay or stay right here. Oh, okay, cool. Okay, yeah, so if you need to go take a few minutes, um, I can definitely hang around. Oh, okay. Uh, let me just... Carol. Thanks. I'm gonna drop that echo. Who else do you know what was that? Yep. Well... Oh, hey, he's... He's just gonna go use the bathroom real quick. Okay, get a little truck of water and stuff. Perfect. Um, then let me... Join the zoom for my machine just so we can... share links if needed, sir. Okay. But the audio and video can come from there. Perfect. Come on. Hello? All right, well, I'm gonna leave you in Peter and Kevin's very capable hands. It was nice meeting you. And, uh, have a great rest of your day. All right, thanks. I appreciate it, I'll go. Bye. Goodbye. See you. Bye. Thanks. Thanks, Echo. Yep. Hello. So, uh, yeah, um, just to give you a quick overview, we'll just introduce ourselves. We have probably just a few quick questions before we start our coder challenge and then we'll go right into that. Does that all sound good with you? Any questions? No. Not done. Okay, perfect. Perfect. Uh, yes, and introduce myself, uh, my name is Peter. I'm an SRE on the Developer Experience Quad. So this is the exact team you'd be working in. Um, and uh, I've been here for about a year, 3 months now, something like that. And, uh, yeah, uh, Kevin, do you want to? Yeah, sure. Hi, I'm Kevin. on the SRUIE squad, uh, treasure enablement. So, uh, we're basically sister teams with the same manager and, um, by squad, we do more of the, like, infrastructure adjacent things. So, like AWS, Kubernettis, containers, that sort of stuff. Um, but yeah, I've been here, uh, Yeah, a little under 2 years, yeah. I'll come out bunch of your soup. Yep. Okay, cool. Yeah, I guess so it's the same split as the previous round. As in like 2 members from both sides. Yeah, exactly, exactly. Yeah. Um, yeah, I guess just to introduce myself to, um, Stefan, uh, Oh, I see Econ in the back. Um, but yeah, I've been working for about uh, 7 years in tech, kind of like all over software development life cycle, like the ability to add like breath and, um, sometimes it can be a like a hindrance, but I, I just like being able to fully understand, you know, how things get ferment to end. Recently, been working at IBM in a consulting department. So doing a lot of rapid prototyping for different agencies, mainly in, you know, federal spaces well as for a media client, Disney. Cool. Great. Well, it's a pleasure to meet you, and yeah, we have just a couple of questions, and then we'll talk to you about, um, the challenge. So, uh, first for my question, um, how do you encourage camaraderie and collaboration within your teens? Um... Well, uh, I think one example that we did for that, uh, was having, um, Reviews be done in like a Ron Robin style. Um, as well as, uh, documentation, um, because documentation isn't good if it's dead. So kind of like enforcing users to add on to it, and that being just part of work and not, you know, less things that are considered tech that and actually part of what needs to occur is sort of like a way to, um, you know, simulate, uh, collaboration and things like that. All righty. Thank you. Uh, yeah, for mine, um, so, like in a team or group sitting, could you describe some actions you take into sort of like encourage others to feel comfortable sharing their opinions, their ideas, even if they're, uh, different from your own? Uh, yeah, I think some people get a little discouraged talking in like larger group settings. So I really like having the ability to have like some form of camaraderie of people uh, in a smaller group setting. Um, you know, sometimes you start to notice, like, things that might be a little off with them and, you know, a lot of times it's not directly, like, work related. It could be something else. So, um, I kind of like to build, like, outside of, uh, like, you know, a smaller private setting before, you know, coming in. Worst thing to do is kind of, like, call out people, like, in a large group. under pressure speeds? Um, yeah, just one more question that I think we'll probably be sure. Um, what was the last time that you had to introduce a change in process to a team? And how did you go on it? Yeah, uh, so, you know, sort of in that same, uh, platform engineering space, uh, I've had to, I've had a couple of like ways where I've had to do that. Um, one where it was sort of like figured out after the fact. Um, so, like, users were doing, like, a, uh, shadow IT sort of like setup. And, um, you know, uh, I had to essentially, um, you know, find out that if me trying to be a gatekeeper, developer is just sort of route around me. Um, so I had to become an enabler and like create like a less fictitious path. Um, So, I don't know if you wanted me to, like, dive down a bit more into that or? Um, no, I think I think I get what you're what you're saying there. It's like you're basically citing, you have to make the process as smooth as possible so that we people don't feel the need to, like you said, kind of go around the big way of doing things. Yeah, yeah, yeah. that vibes with me. Okay, so, um, with all of that, uh, I'm going to, and actually, I just realized that I'm not on the interview, would you mind tasting that, like, for me, please? So we have a coder pad, um, link that we're gonna send to you. I don't know if you've ever worked with Coder Pat before, but it's similar to a lot of co-sharing applications if you have been. It shouldn't be super difficult to go through. I just have to resume chat. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. Okay, see you in there? Yep, okay, so, um, just uh, a couple of things real quick here. Um, and then, uh, I'll explain it, then we can get going. The 1st thing I wanted to ask is, if you wouldn't mind sharing your screen? Um, we do part of this interview is gonna be, you know, obviously being able to go online, check things, search Google, you know, whatever. Um, uh, so, we're fully expecting that you're going to need to do that, and we just like to see, like, what people search for. and just stuff like that. just so we can kind of follow your training thought as you go about. Um, but, um, yeah, this part here, I think, oh, yeah, this is just explaining like the, uh, how it all works. But if you click that little join my interview when you're ready, that'll take you to the question. Oh. Okay, so, um... Basically, the, um, the one thing I would recommend, uh, is if you click over to the program, and yes, I'm glad you like Dark Mode, I do too. Oh, right. This is like that shit. It's so bright. But yeah, the if you click the little program output section on the top there, um, that's, uh, it's like in the middle of the screen. Um, like on that right side tap. You'll see program output on the top. Oh, yeah, that's gonna actually take you, and you might want to expand that terminal window a little bit. That's gonna, um, the little part there on the bottom, just drag it on up. That's gonna be useful for the working through this. So, uh, just to kind of give you a quick high level of what we're doing here, um, this pairing exercise is gonna be about writing code to execute some chron operations using AWS's EC2 API. So, what we've done is we've set you up with some boiler plate code to get started, and I just realized I forgot to ask you. What programming language you wanted to write in? So, I created this one in Python, but we do have other languages we support. We can do JavaScript, Go, and Ruby. Um, so, do you prefer any of those, we can send you a different coder pad? No, I think Python's fine. Okay, good. Yeah, didn't want to make you forced to think that, like, you had to use Python. I'm so sorry about that. But yeah, um, If, if, uh, if you're good with Python, that's great, but otherwise, definitely let me know we can swamp it out. Um, but yeah, basically what we're doing here is, um, doing some crowd operations, and if you click the main dot pie that you should see, a little bit above where you are now. That's the little boilerplate code that we set up for you. And, um, what this is doing is this is just taking a look at the environment, and right now, what it's doing is returning information about a single instance that's in this little cloud environment that we have, uh, and that's what that command is that you see on the right side. So if you type the command, make run, uh, in the terminal, uh, that's just a shortcut to the Python command for that runs this application. And you'll see what it's returning back, which is this Jason blob that's basically returning information about the instance. So, um, like I said, this is collaborative. Feel free to ask questions. It's open books, so take a look at WWS stocks is totally fine. Internet searchers are fine. The only thing we ask is try not to use AI in this interview. It's designed to be used. Without that, but don't want you to think we're against using it in general, but yeah, for the purposes of this interview, you know, just doing your own searching and stuff like that. Um, as far as permissions and stuff like that, you don't need to worry about anything. It's just all about using the API to do this very specific task, aggression you to do. There's no gotchas or tricks about this. It's a very straightforward interview, so don't think that we're trying to trick you at all. It's just, you know, just trying to get a vibe of how you could. So... So if you, um, before we click over to part zero, just any questions so far, am I going too fast here? No, um, as you said before, uh, we're utilizing EC2 to run or like to build out a credit on. Yeah, to basically just to use some credit operations on the EC2 API. So creating instances, tagging them, things like that. That's the kind of stuff we're going to be doing. But if you click over to part 0, um, on the top there, we have the very 1st step we wanted to do is, um, take a look at the code that we have now, and we want to change out the output. So right now, it's outputting information about one instance. We want it to change, to conform to the format that's in this document, where it's a little tiny JSON blob, and there's a field of instances, and in that, you return an array of the instance IDs, which you can pull from, um, the instance API. Okay. And this is gonna be inside the main file. Yeah, you can do that. You can create, like, new methods or whatever you want to do, however you want to organize is fine. All right. So, yeah, so for us, we're just gonna return all the instance IDs. Right. Yeah, for a hour from any that are in, in the environment right now. If you click over to main.pi, um, just to give you an idea of what we're doing here, um, if you look in the call, uh, fields, we're basically pulling the information about all the instances that are there now. We grab the 1st instance in that array. That's what the 1st instance variable does, and then we dump out the information into a JSON object, and then just print it out wrong. So, obviously, what we want to do is kind of massage that information, pull out the instance IDs and then, you know, just return. Okay. Um. Yeah, so I think they're, um, Response is already giving us all the instances. Right. Guinness. Yeah, so. Uh. And then this was what it looked. Yeah. That's a one instance. If you notice, um, in the, in the print statement, you'll notice what it's doing is each instance is an item in an array, and then that blob that you see is, first instance, dot metadot data. That's what you can see in that commented out command. So that's what is in that metadata, essentially. And yet, you can, you found the instance ID, exactly. Uh... Okay. All right. Um. Uh. Like, we can use, uh, list comprehension. Yeah. Yes. Uh, I think I just don't know. What the... I guess it would just be call instance ID. I think it's called, yeah, done, whatever, however it's formatted exactly in this glob. You had it earlier, then. I think it's an alphabetical. Oh, yeah. So you're, it's not... It's kind of weird. Um, but it's, I wonder if he's from Pascal case, yeah. I wonder if it's just, so, like, instant... It's snow. Yeah, there's no class here to help with. Okay. Yeah, I think you can get information about the response if you go to the, um, Uh, if you go to the documentation, but yeah, um, Uh, You mean the Bodo three? Yeah, the Bodo Docks, yeah. And there's a link. Oh, Rika. Yeah, line four, there was a link. Yeah, that should give you the exact thing you want. But again, feel free to, you know, use Google or whatever. That's fine too. Um... Um... So, but no, I can't just directly say instance ID, right? I think you can, but I think you have to pull the right object because it's nested in the response a little bit. Because it's like, you're gonna, you're iterating over the array, and then in that array is an object that has that, it's, whatever it is, an object.neted.data. That's where that big giant blob is. But once you pull that blob out, then you can just refer to instant signing. Well... Oh, are these a smack? These are methods, I think. was looking for the properties. Yeah, I'm not sure. I think if you do describe instances, if you go to that method, that should tell you what the response is, how the response is formatted. The other thing you could do is you could just print out the response. You know, just return what it prints out, then you can see that too. Um, so, like, if you were just just print response, you'd see essentially what it looks like, but I think, unfortunately, it returns it as an object. I think this is potentially like in the right direction, though. Yeah, the only thing I think you're not accounting for, and that is the metadata, a few property or whatever that is for the object. Because if you notice, um, in that print statement, it's not referring to just 1st instance. It's referring to 1st instance.meta.data. Hmm. That's where that blob is, that we, that you got printed out. Uh... I think you got the right idea idea. I think you just need to have friends. Yeah, something like that. Is that, I think, would work. SSID for instance, in response. Then we'd have to print it. Oh, it's, um, Um, I think we'd have to use JSON tops. Yeah, I think, or I don't know if you have to actually return it as a JSON, or you can just see what it does. Yeah, you can just print that. I think that should just print an array. But yeah. I was just seeing it tomorrow. It's just invitation. Yeah. Yeah, that's the point, yeah. It's not in line with the response line. Well, figure line 45 and 47 football. There you go. Okay. P? Yeah, so let's, yeah, let's see what that returns. I think you, I think you got it. I'm not really 100% sure. Or no, I could just call it. Yeah, you can just do that, make run and, you know. Oh, uh, yeah, that looks just about right. Oh, there is only one... There's only one instance right now. Oh, okay. I was like something wrong. Okay. There will be more instances soon, but yeah, this is so, yeah, the fact that, but you're on the right track. Should I just remove this or I might need it? You can move that. You can keep it if you want the reference, but yeah, we don't need it. Yeah, I mean, it's not really necessary. And if you really needed to, I could always pull it back. Oh, yeah, so I think... We're now specifying that it has to be JSON. We're just specifying that the output conforms to that format that we're looking for. Okay. Yeah, so you have the payload. It's just the little extra stuff on top. Oh, you're saying I'm still missing something from here? Yeah, it's, it should be, so like, what you have right now that it's, since I, that's correct. We just want to return that little J-Sump up that is in that part zero. Oh, okay, yeah, not as a... Yeah, so basically sign that array to a value and then put that in the blog, basically. That said, well, Oh, yeah. So, just, when I have to, uh, pull it out with, like, um, We are not, you don't need to, like, format it into JJ? Yeah, it wasn't have to be a mis format. just need to return that object. Which, so that would, what is that in Python a dictionary? Yeah, that would just be what you have. Oh, just the values, you mean? Yeah, like just. Uh, no, I think I think you got the right values. You just need to assign that to a value in a dictionary. that's all. Like the, the, what it should be printing is a dictionary, not... Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I think then, um, it should be like to have that same format, uh, it has to be JSON. Yeah, but this is, I mean, it doesn't need to be like tabbed in all of that all perfectly. It just needs to be in those, like, curly braces with the, you know, assigned to value instances. But yeah, we could try to do that. Yeah, that's what it looks like. Yeah, that'll work. And what a, yeah, there you go. And I think right now, just to make sure, but I'm pretty, yep, that's what we're looking for, perfect. perfect. Alrighty, so, um, if you click part one now, um, uh, you'll see what we're gonna have here is, uh, we're gonna have an input variable that's formatted in a similar way where it's gonna basically say instances and gives a number. And then we want to return that many easy 2 instances, uh, that we create to serve as our own servers. And then we return back the same thing that we were returning before, show the list of instants I knew, so that the output we just did. Now we just need to take in that input and, uh, create instances based on how many are specified. And yeah, we um, is that the right values that we put in? I would have pasted the value. So at the end, it says your EC2 institution used the following. I'm going to paste those in Zoom chat as well. Um, So, that should be the security group, Subnet and AMI. I think the AMI is the same as what's there. Yeah. So, in part one, you're taking the input, um, Yeah, which is like the instances wrapped in the object. And then, yeah, and just for clarity here, like the way that we're, like, we can basically just do it like this. Like what? Like, if you go, oh, if you go to the python script, like when I say the input, like, we're not being super fancy here, like, that's just the input. Basically what we're saying. So you take the input, and then have it create as many instances as it's requiring, and then you just return the app like you're returning. But, obviously, EBT is the EC2 API to create the number of instances we're looking for. And, uh, Kevin already gave you the information you're gonna need from that request. Does that make sense? I mean, again, feel free to ask questions that's totally part of the process. Yeah. Um. So, like, yeah, this would be, uh, the count. essentially. Uh, So. Are we still using this part or is this like a separate? That part we needed the end because the end, we want to print out what instances are now in the environment. So, yeah, if you leave that little bit there from part 0, that that'll be just the 2nd half of part one. So yeah, just leave that in there. So we need the count of, uh, the instances. So, Uh, If we just use a get call, um... Oh, it's... Oh, should this be added into the class or it's fine where it is? These are just like constant. Chicken bean, you don't have to worry about how you ingest the input. That's not part of the. Yeah, just however you pull that value in, that's up to you. You know, like I said, we're not doing tricks or anything here. It's not like, yeah. Uh. But I think this is gonna return. They should return a number, right? So I don't think I need to wrap it. I think so, yeah. Um... Oh, um... Yeah. Yeah, there you go. Perfect. Okay. Um. Yeah, and then I think from there, uh, We need to create instance. In the event, we were... Good... Uh... I'm just wondering about the function. Um, Oh, you mean how to do it? It should be there in the API. I can't remember the name offhand, but it should be in that list that, that let them be linked you to. Under, yeah, somewhere in here. I don't think it's any of these. I think it's just it's not anything. It's definitely not those. It's something else. It's run instances. Oh, thank you, for instances. Oh. Okay. Yeah, the long verbs, to describe? Yeah, yes, but there it is. That's done, which is creative launch. Okay. Yeah. There we go. Yeah, that's good. Oh, but then. All right, this is running since is 4AC2. Right. But yeah, and I think the, in returns, like, the request syntax, a lot of that is optional, I'm pretty sure. Yep. Yep. So it's like, it tells you everything you can tell it, but you only need to specify the stuff we listed in part one. Like the instance, you know, the AMI and things like that, you know? Oh okay. All right. Fun. Yeah, we can just use the count to be the same. Uh, yes. Yes, that's right. yeah. Uh. Um. Just is not populate. Oh, yeah, it's not. Sorry, I don't think we have... I mean, it's like we're used to BS code and all that stuff, but yeah, unfortunately, I don't think it does that for you. It was because Bodo's reason. It, like, recognized or something, like, Yeah. But yeah, it's working and it's installed. So, why shouldn't it? But yeah, you could tell because it shows photo 3 is red. you know, online too. So it's like, why are we, you know? I don't know. Yeah, no. That's fun. Um... All right. Oh, my goodness. So... We need those. Yes, maybe. Um... But, um... But, you mean, home right here? Wait, is this information here already or no? No. Uh, the security group I pasted in the zoo chat. Yeah. That is the right AMI, though, and that's the right. In the Zoom chat is the exact values that you need. Yeah, there you go. And I don't you, yeah? Uh-huh. And the stump from... But... Oh, no. That's... No, yeah, that's right. Okay. Image ID is MY, right? Am I like a? No, that, that, that's, that's right. Yeah, that's right. Okay. Uh All right, instant type. And then security group, said that. Uh. Oh, uh. Yeah, there you go. It might be a security group by D. Yeah, it is. Between, yeah, you fast. Yeah, they make it very, very confusing, but yet the ID's one doesn't want anyone. That's how they, you know, keep TAs around and stuff. Make it confusing. So true. Wait. Yes, and since type was needed, I... think it's just, uh... P3.nano? I think it is. Yeah, T3.9. For my word, Paul, and... Or, um... Yeah, I guess this is the one downfall of Python. Yeah, you gotta, you gotta, yeah, you gotta be very accurate with your white space. Yeah. Oh. Okay. Oh, uh, this should be count. Uh... And those IDs are, um, in Zoom check, right? Yeah. Uh... Um I'm not gonna be right, I guess... Mhm. I think that's good. Looks good? Yeah, yeah, looks good to me. Okay, uh, yeah, give it a shot. No, you can just reuse this. Yeah, and yeah, that should be pretty good as you have it. Oh. Uh... Oh, this, she was pretty resourced, I think. I think you're right there, yeah. That that sounds... Or do you client dot resource? I think it could be, well, let's look at the error at a returns. Yeah, it's saying that um, the client doesn't have this as an object. I mean, as an attribute. Right. So, uh, I think the error is saying that the function object has no attribute, right? So I think you're trying to call, run instances on a, like a function object versus the, um, like the Bodo 3 client object. But that makes sense. Yeah, I think, well, I think you're just visiting some friends. It should be solved by EC2 client with, with the 2 parads, like when you're calling runners. Oh, yeah, that's right, because it's a function call. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, so this should have been client? Just, uh... Yeah, the what the function call. Does that make? So, like, left Craig for end, I think? Yeah. You think so? So, oh, okay, you're saying like this? Yeah, I think that's right. Let's give that a shot. Hey. There we go. Everything okay? That looks great to me. Yeah. All righty, so let's move on to part two. Okay. Uh... Awesome. Under your chest, for the sake of convenience, I'm gonna change your input. What are you? I mean, mm-hmm. Oh. Yes, I couldn't be... So... For this part, I have to launch each type separately and then When you create it, target. Yeah. And then that return code needs to be a little different. We're not just returning full instances, we're returning the number of instances of each type now. Uh, what do you mean? So if you look at the output return, see how it's returning web number of instant IDs and then the array, then worker than the array. So instead of just returning instances with everything, we're now returning 2 different values. Uh, one, the number of instance, the instance I used for web type servers and then worker type servers. Okay. In elevated, I'm... Um A old movie. Yeah, and I, like I said, I just changed the input for us. Just eating obedience. Okay. Um, Um... Good. I think we may have to create a different function. For us. Uh, you can, yeah, you can create as many functions as you like, urbanize it, being a one. Yeah, totally. Um. Um... So, like, it should be to handle, um, Yeah. Launches, by, uh, Roll. So. Yes, we can call this inside of the call function. But, yeah. Yeah, I guess because it gets a little messy, but I think if I called outside, I'd have to call it as a method. Um. Mm-hmm. Okay. So, we'd still have account and roll. And then... Yeah, we kind of still would need a call or run instance in the count. Yeah. So. We can have the count outside, but then call run instance inside. That way we can, like, split it. Yeah, yeah. Uh, is that right? I think that one's the... I think so. I'm not. To be honest, I've never seen functions defined inside of other functions. But that, the tabbings, right? Yeah. Yeah, I meant the tab part. Uh, yearly... I know. Uh, yeah, we have to also check. The count even, right? Is that the right? It's hard to tell. but I think it is. If they count... Uh... Free then return. Okay. All right. Like here, I had... Wait, I'm really... Tags. Oh, okay. That was good. Yeah, that's it. Oh. Did I copy too much? Yeah, I think that that's what it gave you. Yeah, and, yeah. I think that, yeah, that resource type, I think, is related to the tagging specifically, because each tag has its own specification where you got to specify the resource type. Oh, great. Oh, I gotta figure that one out. There is a specific one for eat for easy 2, though. So it's not like there's... It's not like a special, it's whatever the EC2 one is in that giant list. Some very annoying thing about this documentation. Oh, my God. I think I can just, I was here. Or, I don't know. Yeah. There's no format about internet. No, unfortunately. I think that I think that'll work, though, what you have. And I think I was just working on the skeleton, though. Uh, and you're gonna turn something, and then... uh... Further. The print. I guess we can still keep those and then just add the print for, uh, the launch function. Uh... And then... Yeah. And... Actually, I don't think I need to even make it enough. Um, can just call it. Good. I mean, who's... We didn't even split this. Should have started with that. Uh... Um, am I gonna still have to call back part one so should I like have multiple inputs or we're not worried about that? Oh, we're done with part one. Yeah. Um, yeah, just as a little bit of a warning, we are running low on time here, so I think once we hit probably 5 minutes to the end of the meeting, you want to make sure that you get a little bit of time to ask us questions as well. So, uh, Yeah, if we don't get to this part, that's fine. And then inside the stress ponds, you know, can have a little short count, and then, uh, and leave it. Yeah, roll. has, uh... It was like, okay, what these friends are doing? movie? I mean, it is great. And then... Oh, yeah, it's because I donated that. Okay. Um, yeah, now I need to just fill this in. Uh, so WebCat worker counts, I mean. Um, Well, you know, the tags at least, right? Yeah, tag should just be... I think we're just hanging it as tight. Yeah. Mm, yeah, type, and then web worker. that's what it is. value's gonna be durable. Um, beer. And then resource type. I'm not familiar with this either. I forget, yeah. There's an instance type, and then there's also a key pair, um, but, yeah, I'm, I'm just, I could find it real quick, 'cause that's, that's very annoying. And not exactly what we're trying to test here. Here we go. Is it just easy too? I don't think so. I don't think so, is it done? Oh my gosh. I think it's just instance. Yeah, there's an instance. Yeah, it's just instance is the name of the field. All right, I'm going with whatever you said. Get in, yeah, yeah. Just trying to... Okay. Uh, and then the return here, uh, So after we got the response, um, yeah, I'm actually not sure how that response is, uh, formatted. That might be in the, um, documentation, but, um, Yeah, if you're gonna do it that way, you gotta pull the values, the instance IDs out of that. Oh, it does give you the response syntax. little bit farther down. Say that again? It does give you the, um, the response syntax on that page a little bit farther down. And it basically gives you, like, if you keep scrolling, keep scrolling, keep scrolling, you'll see response syntax. Yeah, that's it, that's the expense syntax. Yes? Yeah. Uh... Yeah, you went a little too far. There we go. I'm trying to see where it started at. Um... Oh, it's a little farther down. Oh, okay. Yeah, there you go. You found it. Yeah, I'm assuming it's instances, so... Yeah, then it's giving the array and then I'd be good to... Uh... And I think it just gives you those, yeah. Oh, it would be... It would be... Okay. And then, uh... I think from inside of there, it's gonna be like, I guess it's gonna be like this. I think it's still instance I getting. I think it's still the same. Is it meta dot data or? Well, no, it's gonna be whatever is in here. Yeah, so instance idea, I think. Yeah. Um, yeah, it's bad. All right. I don't know. One advice. Let's just... Let's just try it. Oh no, it's... Uh. Wait, for I... uh, for instance. It looks spray, yeah. Yeah, I feel like I could do dots. I give you the quotes. I feel like I could do dots syntax, but, you know, there can be issues with... Yeah, looks. That looks great to me. With that? There you go. That looks, there you go. All righty. Unfortunately, we are out of time here, but, um, I'm glad you were able to finish up part 2 because you were so close. All right, so, yeah, with all of that, I think, um, we can now turn the rest of this interview over to you. If you have any questions about our team, about us in general, betterment, general, like, you know, the time as yours, anything we can answer for you. Uh, yeah, I may just... Oh, and you can stop sharing if you want to. Yeah, everything. Oh, okay, I don't know. Is it? Just hopped off by itself. Oh, yeah, either mind. Yeah, so anything you have for us? Yeah. Um, I think I'd spoken a little bit already onto other members, but, um, I guess just getting a good understanding of, like, text act day to day, like, processes. I know, one thing I was mentioned was that a lot of the work is like prescribed already. like you aren't doing like traditional ops, reactionary type of work. Correct. Yeah, a lot of, we do have on call, uh, rotation, which is part of like both of our squads together. We have one general rotation, and in that, you will get some ad hoc requests and, you know, occasionally get pings, but that's only one of the engineers on both of our squads, and that's just on a rotation that, it's, what, every couple of months? Yeah, so it's not really, that's pretty much the only reactionary work that you have. Other than that, it's all sprint work, it's all, you know, what you would expect, like actual software development, agile methodologies, yeah, or, you know, we don't, it's not a lot of reactionary stuff. Uh, what'd you say has been like the, like the biggest thing coming up as far as like how to get it across? It might not be technical. It could also just be culture wise. The biggest thing in terms of, like, the biggest hurdle, I guess, what you're saying in terms of shipping. Yeah, since you are planned out a lot of your work, um, yeah, what would you, what do you think is like the biggest thing coming up in the next few months, uh, that? Oh That would be a hurdle. Um, to get there. I think, oh, no, I get what you're saying. I think for me personally, and Kevin would probably have something different on the IE side of things, but for the DX squad in particular, I think, um, AI induction is is pretty big internally here and, you know, essentially helping establish governance around that and helping support fueling for that. That's something that's pretty big on our plates right now. Uh, the other thing that I'm thinking pretty heavily over the next few months is our CICD stack, essentially trying to optimize it. Uh, we're trying to reduce front times in certain areas, making it a little bit more efficient, giving the developers a little bit more insight into the deployment process, because we have a whole bespoke deployment process as well, trying to give a little visibility into that and trying to add a little flexibility into how, um, developers can, you know, do deployments going forward. That's what we're looking to do, you know, just quality of life improvements day to day for the developer. Yeah, I remember, I think the manager Alred, he was mentioning that, like, there was a huge reduction already in terms of deployment time. Is there still push from higher up to bring that down more? Or is it that your focus more on like reducing like the context switching for teams now at this point for your team? I think for now, I mean, the problem is the, the, we have done a lot of optimizations for the, the pipeline to where we are pretty much where we are without, like, anything we do to, to reduce time is gonna be basically an increase in spend at this point. So I think there is always still kind of evaluating that and making sure, but I think the bigger push right now is, like I said, more observedability into the process and just making sure developers kind of have a strong grasp and understanding of the exact state of the infrastructure and things like that, you know, like they weren't, like they may not be 100% sure whether a deployment is fully rolled out in Kubernetti's, even after the notification comes out. So, if they want to run, like, a delayed job on, you know, one of our applications, they want to make sure that it's on a new runner, not an old runner, things like that. So it's a lot of, um, kind of optimizing the process as not so much, you know, just, you know, constantly beating, trying to improve the times like, you know, it was, it's, it's more, you know, a lot of different parts and places too. Um, does your team also work in terms of like enablement for developers for like uh knowledge sharing? Cause I know it's like a huge hurdle to like even understand a lot of like the processes. Uh, especially I would imagine like during like on calls. Yeah, I think, um, one of the things that we're working on, uh, is trying to help, um, establish code ownership, because one of the things that tends to happen, especially in an on-call context, is you don't necessarily know who owns what bit of code in a very large code base. So, one of the things that we have been trying to push out is, is a codeownership initiative where we make it easy for developers to be able to define where they, what code it is that they own, so that way, you know, we don't have to worry about who owns what, in and on call scenario, every file has an owner, so it's like you always have the 1st step to go to. I mean, there's also documentation, you know, stuff like that that's not really on the Q2 roadmap, but it's like, we're always thinking of ways to improve documentation because, you know, I'm very much like you, I think, documentation is kind of like the lifeblood of any engineering organ, you know, you want to make sure that you have been optimized. Okay, cool. Yeah, I know we, like, probably ran out of time at this point or there was still more time. Yeah, I think, unfortunately, we are out of time here, and I believe the next thing that you have is gonna be a wrap up with Ali. Um, who is our, uh, coordinator for, um, hiring. So, um, yeah, if you needed some any extra time, uh, like to use the restroom or anything like that, you can do that now, but, um, you know, I'll just ping Ollie and let him know that you're ready. But, um, I think if you had another like, real quick question, we could do that before we jump off. Uh, it was about, like, uh, AI adoption for code review because I know it's like a huge issue now with so much philosophy showing up and if you all had anything in the works for that. Uh, we do have code review, AI code review in some places. It's really more where the developers want it, but we do, I mean, obviously it's not considered anything that's like, it's a helpful measure. It's not a replacement for, like, we don't stand approvals using flood code, for example, or anything like that. We do, however, output those reviews to allow a reviewing developer to, you know, consume that information and, you know, kind of speed up the process. So we're not, we're definitely not against it, but it's not part of any of our governments. It's just more informational than anything else. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, it makes sense, right? Yeah. But hopefully that answers your questions here. Um, I don't think, um, yeah, unfortunately, I do think we're out of time here, but, um, it has been an absolute pleasure meeting you. I'm glad we got a chance to work together. And, uh, yeah, we will, like I said, like, um, Ollie knows so that he should be on any minute, but, um, you know, like I said, feel free to step away, use the restroom or anything. We let them know that we just got done. All right, thanks a lot, Kevin and Peter. App appreciate it. Yep, likewise, thanks again. Bye. I'm still in this chat room, right? Oh, yeah, you just hang out here and then Ali will jump on you. Yeah. Yep. Thanks. Thanks again. Okay.

Yeah. Hey, I'm all right. Yourself? Yeah, good, thank you, mate. Good. Nice to put face to the name. Very... How's the week going so far? Oh, it's all right, a little hectic. Um, you know, you still that in Florida? Yeah, enjoying it while I can. Yeah, man, a friend of mine got back on the weekend. Sorry, no, sorry, but the, one of the new members of my team was away last week. Golf trip down in Florida. Said the weather was incredible. Oh, yeah, I think it might have been around here. There was, like, an Arnold Palmer golf thing, I think. Oh, right. Yeah, no, he was playing golf, but, yeah, I was watching the Arnold poem off, I forgot that was in Florida. I'm there in two weeks, actually. I got a golf trip as well, which can't wait for. But listen, just quick rap to see how things went, how it went from your end, how the experience was, with the group. Yeah, I'd say it was a little rocky with the system design. I guess the prep that I had in mind didn't align. But it was an interesting perspective on it. Uh, what was the, just, just his good feedback, you know, for myself, uh, you know, um, What did you, was your, was your idea of what it might be different to what it was? Yeah, I guess, like, generic system design is, you know, the approach is more like, we didn't draw anything. I guess that would be. Yeah, like we, we didn't really use the elusive chart. Okay, uh, everything was just sort of, uh, like, just right out what you're thinking and, um, typing out. So, yeah, I guess it was a little bit of a mixture between coding and systems on. Okay, they weren't judging like what I coded, but they kind of wanted to see like me write out the thought. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. And then, and then how did the 2nd part go with a pairing exercise with Peter and Kevin? Yeah, it was pretty good. Um, I don't know if I had needed to complete it. We didn't get to that point, but I think it was pretty collaborative and fun. It was, yeah. And even in the first section, I know it wasn't, you know, like I said, a bit rocky, but did you feel like, you know, Chakara and Echo were there to help you out and kind of, you know, point you in the right direction. Yeah, I think it was really trying to test the, like, understanding, but it was like a pretty. Tough one that one but yeah, I mean, I guess we'll see. Yeah, cool. Yeah, no, definitely. And then so it felt collaborative with Peter and Kevin as well, which, you know, we like to hear. And, you know, from a softer side of things, from the group you met, people, you could see yourself kind of working and collaborating with from a personality standpoint. Yeah, thing is a lot to learn from them. So that's that's also positive. Yeah, no, they, they, they, it's top, top guys. Especially, uh... He's like, I think it's like super brilliant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He's quite talented. guy. good, good, good lad. Well, we could, well, you know, just give you an idea of next step, Stephen. you know, we give everyone kind of 24, 48 hours to get their feedback into the system. And I know this group, they're usually pretty quick, so, you know, at least by the end of tomorrow, maybe even, what we on, by Thursday, we'll certainly have a good pulse check on what's happening. And, you know, the next steps, depending on your situation, would be, well, the next step is a final round. You know, if people are local, then we'd invite them into the office, come and see the space, and, you know, meet some folks face to face. But in your situation, it might be that we do it fully remote. Um, totally depends on how you want to play it. Um, you know, uh, you know, when you think about your next role, are you, are you happy to kind of, go through a final round fully remote and then, like, come in and see the office before you start or on the day that you're on board, depending on how, you know, where... Uh, so, I guess I was just curious about the final round. Intel, is it just, like, a walk around or? Yeah, no, no. So the final one's like, uh, so the technical piece is done. That's what we did today. And then the final round's more kind of competency kind of behavioral type conversation. So, you meet with, basically, four, there's four segments, there's a direct team. So you meet with a couple of team that you did meet today, maybe. There might be one that's in there that you've already met. Direct manager, so you meet with Andrew directly. Um, you meet with, like, there's a cross-functional um, connect, so you meet with someone like productive design that you, you know, some stakeholders that you'd be working with on a, you know, day to day. And then you'd meet with one of the execs and have a chat with them. And, like, you know, there'd be a topic of conversation that you'll know ahead of time. you know what, like, you know, what the conversation's driving towards, whether it's building relationships, you know, cross-functionally or, you know, how you like to lead projects, things of that nature. Um, and then, then the, the, you know, the one part is to come and see the office and walk around. But, again, if getting up is not, um, not on the cards, then we can do, we can do all of that fully remote, and then work out the rest after. Okay. Yeah. And I guess it depends on when it, uh, When or if that happens, but I know like next week, uh, one of the interviews I, I'm doing, I have to do in person. Oh, yeah. I'm coming up next week. Oh, so you coming out? Okay, so that could work out good timing if, you know, if all goes well, that we could try and accommodate that for when you're in the city, that'd be perfect. Okay. Good stuff. And how are things looking on the other, you know, with other opportunities? It looks like, is that a final round, I'd imagine, if it's on site? Yeah, I'm hoping it's the final final round. Yeah, yeah. Because I guess now there's, like, middle final rounds. Oh, well, all these final final, you'd have ran the whole race after our next round. And who's that for? Is that for like a similar type company, tech company? Yeah, clear. Clear? Who was he, sure? Clear. Oh, clear. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Sweet. Cool. Oh, nice, nice. I didn't know they... I know that I see a lot of their... They, they, um... I know that they, I see a lot of candidates. You know, I've spoken to a few candidates that weren't clear. But I didn't realize they were based in New York City. That's interesting. Yeah, yeah, they are. Cool, cool. Well, listen, thank you so much for your time today. Like I say, we'll wait for the feedback to roll in, and I will keep you ahead, you know, in the loop as, as much as it comes out. As soon as I hear all the feedback's in. All right. App appreciate it, Ali. Cool, mate. Have a good one. We'll chat soon. All right. You as well. So, bye. See you in a bit. Bye. Bye bye.

// 1 pull changes
GET  
// 2 each event build a determinstic key
// 3 idemptency guard
// 4 resolve identity
5 
// 5 upsert task
// 

syncCalendaToTAks(startDate, endDate) {

const events = Calendar.getEvents(startdate, enddate)

for event in events

taskId = event.gettag(taskid)
prevFp = event.gettag(fingerprint)

fp = hash()

if taskId && prevfp == fp continue

payload = {
title: event.gettitle()
notes: 
due: event.getstarttime().toisos
}

if not taskId

task = Tasks.Tasks.insert(payload, TASK_LIST_ID)

event.settag

fp if diff evebt changes patch mapped task

